docs/concepts/hosting.md, before:

# Hosting Solutions

Understanding different hosting options is crucial for making informed infrastructure decisions in DevOps.

## Shared Web Hosting

Shared hosting is often the starting point for many web projects. Understanding its limitations helps you know when to scale up.

### What is Shared Hosting?

- **[What Is Shared Hosting? | ThemeIsle](https://themeisle.com/blog/what-is-shared-hosting/)**
  
  Comprehensive beginner's guide explaining shared hosting concepts, pros, and cons.

### WordPress on Shared Hosting

WordPress is one of the most common applications deployed on shared hosting.

- **[How to Install WordPress | Namecheap](https://www.namecheap.com/wordpress/how-to-install-wordpress/)**
  
  Step-by-step guide for WordPress installation and configuration.

### Shared Hosting vs VPS

Understanding the differences helps you make informed hosting decisions.

- **[VPS vs Cloud Hosting | ScalaHosting](https://www.scalahosting.com/blog/what-is-the-difference-between-vps-and-cloud-hosting/)**
  
  Detailed comparison of hosting types and their use cases.

## Free Hosting Options

Perfect for learning and experimentation before investing in paid solutions.

### Free Hosting Providers

- **[000webhost - Free cPanel Hosting](https://www.000webhost.com/free-cpanel-hosting)**
  
  Free hosting with cPanel support for testing and learning.

- **[AeonFree Hosting](https://aeonfree.com/)**
  
  Another free hosting option with good feature set for beginners.

### Free Domain Names

- **[Freenom - Free Domain Names](https://www.freenom.com/en/index.html?lang=en)**
  
  Get free domain names for testing and development projects.

## Hosting Evolution Path

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Shared Hosting] --> B[VPS]
    B --> C[Dedicated Servers]
    C --> D[Cloud Infrastructure]
    D --> E[Containerized Deployments]
    E --> F[Serverless Architecture]
```

!!! tip "Learning Path"
    Start with shared hosting to understand the basics, then progress to VPS and eventually to cloud infrastructure as your skills grow.

## Next Steps

After understanding hosting fundamentals:

- [Internet Protocols](protocols.md) - Learn how data travels between servers
- [SSL Certificates](ssl.md) - Secure your hosted applications
- [Domain Names & DNS](domains-dns.md) - Understand domain management

!!! info "DevOps Relevance"
    Hosting knowledge is essential for infrastructure planning, capacity management, and understanding application deployment requirements.

Commit message:

feat: Add contributing guide and structure for DevOps roadmap
- Created CONTRIBUTING.md to outline contribution principles, structure, and guidelines.
- Added advanced topics index with placeholders for future content.
- Updated automation, hosting, fundamentals, containers, and Linux sections to remove emojis and enhance clarity.
- Introduced CALMS framework and DevOps practices documentation.
- Added history and evolution of DevOps section.
- Enhanced resources section with community and podcast information.
- Updated mkdocs.yml for new navigation structure and added requirements for plugins.

docs/concepts/hosting.md, after:

# Hosting Solutions

Understanding different hosting options is crucial for making informed infrastructure decisions in DevOps.

## Shared Web Hosting

Shared hosting is often the starting point for many web projects. Understanding its limitations helps you know when to scale up.

### What is Shared Hosting?

- **[What Is Shared Hosting? | ThemeIsle](https://themeisle.com/blog/what-is-shared-hosting/)**
  
  Comprehensive beginner's guide explaining shared hosting concepts, pros, and cons.

### WordPress on Shared Hosting

WordPress is one of the most common applications deployed on shared hosting.

- **[How to Install WordPress | Namecheap](https://www.namecheap.com/wordpress/how-to-install-wordpress/)**
  
  Step-by-step guide for WordPress installation and configuration.

### Shared Hosting vs VPS

Understanding the differences helps you make informed hosting decisions.

- **[VPS vs Cloud Hosting | ScalaHosting](https://www.scalahosting.com/blog/what-is-the-difference-between-vps-and-cloud-hosting/)**
  
  Detailed comparison of hosting types and their use cases.

## Free Hosting Options

Perfect for learning and experimentation before investing in paid solutions.

### Free Hosting Providers

- **[000webhost - Free cPanel Hosting](https://www.000webhost.com/free-cpanel-hosting)**
  
  Free hosting with cPanel support for testing and learning.

- **[AeonFree Hosting](https://aeonfree.com/)**
  
  Another free hosting option with good feature set for beginners.

### Free Domain Names

- **[Freenom - Free Domain Names](https://www.freenom.com/en/index.html?lang=en)**
  
  Get free domain names for testing and development projects.

## Hosting Evolution Path

```mermaid
flowchart TD
    A[Shared Hosting] --> B[VPS]
    B --> C[Dedicated Servers]
    C --> D[Cloud Infrastructure]
    D --> E[Containerized Deployments]
    E --> F[Serverless Architecture]
```

!!! tip "Learning Path"
    Start with shared hosting to understand the basics, then progress to VPS and eventually to cloud infrastructure as your skills grow.

## Next Steps

After understanding hosting fundamentals you are ready to move from conceptual/web hosting into operating real systems:

- Proceed to the Linux & Systems track: [Linux Introduction](../linux/introduction.md) – learn shell, processes, services
- Then explore: [Web Hosting (Linux Focus)](../linux/web-hosting.md) – apply hosting concepts on Linux servers
- Start thinking about automation foundations before scale: [Automation Introduction](../automation/introduction.md) (optional preview)

If you need to revisit security fundamentals later, the earlier pages on protocols, SSL/TLS, and DNS remain reference material.

!!! info "DevOps Relevance"
  Hosting knowledge is essential for infrastructure planning, capacity management, and understanding application deployment requirements.
