docs/monitoring/index.md, before:

# Monitoring & Observability

Welcome to the Monitoring & Observability section! This section covers monitoring systems, alerting, logging, and observability practices for DevOps environments.

## 🎯 Learning Objectives

By completing this section, you will:

- ✅ Design comprehensive monitoring strategies
- ✅ Implement alerting and incident response workflows
- ✅ Master log aggregation and analysis
- ✅ Understand distributed tracing and observability
- ✅ Create effective dashboards and metrics

## 📚 Section Contents

### [Monitoring Introduction](introduction.md)

Learn monitoring fundamentals, metrics collection, and observability principles.

## 🏁 Prerequisites

- Completed Automation & CI/CD section
- Understanding of system administration
- Familiarity with containerized applications
- Basic knowledge of networking and protocols

## 📈 Learning Path

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    A[Monitoring Introduction] --> B[Advanced Monitoring]
    A --> C[Alerting & Response]
    A --> D[Log Management]
    B --> E[Observability]
    C --> E
    D --> E
```

## 💡 Why This Matters

Monitoring and observability are essential for DevOps because:

- **Reliability**: Detect and resolve issues before they impact users
- **Performance**: Optimize system performance and resource utilization
- **Security**: Monitor for security threats and compliance violations
- **Business Intelligence**: Understand user behavior and system usage
- **Continuous Improvement**: Data-driven decisions for system optimization

Let's make your systems observable! 📊

Commit message:

feat: Add contributing guide and structure for DevOps roadmap
- Created CONTRIBUTING.md to outline contribution principles, structure, and guidelines.
- Added advanced topics index with placeholders for future content.
- Updated automation, hosting, fundamentals, containers, and Linux sections to remove emojis and enhance clarity.
- Introduced CALMS framework and DevOps practices documentation.
- Added history and evolution of DevOps section.
- Enhanced resources section with community and podcast information.
- Updated mkdocs.yml for new navigation structure and added requirements for plugins.

docs/monitoring/index.md, after:

# Monitoring & Observability

Welcome to the Monitoring & Observability section! This section covers monitoring systems, alerting, logging, and observability practices for DevOps environments.

## Learning Objectives

By completing this section, you will:

- Design comprehensive monitoring strategies
- Implement alerting and incident response workflows
- Master log aggregation and analysis
- Understand distributed tracing and observability
- Create effective dashboards and metrics

## Section Contents

### [Monitoring Introduction](introduction.md)

Learn monitoring fundamentals, metrics collection, and observability principles.

## Prerequisites

- Completed Automation & CI/CD section
- Understanding of system administration
- Familiarity with containerized applications
- Basic knowledge of networking and protocols

## Learning Path

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    A[Monitoring Introduction] --> B[Advanced Monitoring]
    A --> C[Alerting & Response]
    A --> D[Log Management]
    B --> E[Observability]
    C --> E
    D --> E
```

## Why This Matters

Monitoring and observability are essential for DevOps because:

- **Reliability**: Detect and resolve issues before they impact users
- **Performance**: Optimize system performance and resource utilization
- **Security**: Monitor for security threats and compliance violations
- **Business Intelligence**: Understand user behavior and system usage
- **Continuous Improvement**: Data-driven decisions for system optimization

With observability in place you can advance to resilience, governance, and platform concerns.
