docs/linux/index.md, before:

# Linux & Systems

Welcome to the Linux & Systems section! This section covers Linux fundamentals, system administration, and hosting technologies essential for DevOps professionals.

## 🎯 Learning Objectives

By completing this section, you will:

- ✅ Master Linux command line and system administration
- ✅ Understand web server configuration and management
- ✅ Learn advanced hosting and infrastructure concepts
- ✅ Develop troubleshooting and debugging skills
- ✅ Understand system performance and monitoring

## 📚 Section Contents

### [Linux Introduction](introduction.md)

Learn Linux fundamentals, command line basics, and system administration concepts.

### [Web Hosting](web-hosting.md)

Understand web server technologies, LAMP stack, and hosting management.

### [Advanced Hosting](advanced-hosting.md)

Explore advanced hosting concepts, load balancing, and scaling strategies.

### [Troubleshooting Tools](troubleshooting-tools.md)

Master debugging tools, log analysis, and system troubleshooting techniques.

## 🏁 Prerequisites

- Basic computer literacy
- Completed Fundamentals section
- Access to a Linux environment (VM, container, or cloud instance)

## 📈 Learning Path

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    A[Linux Introduction] --> B[Web Hosting]
    B --> C[Advanced Hosting]
    A --> D[Troubleshooting Tools]
    C --> D
```

## 💡 Why This Matters

Linux skills are essential for DevOps because:

- **Server Management**: Most cloud and on-premise servers run Linux
- **Automation**: Shell scripting and command line automation
- **Containerization**: Docker and Kubernetes run on Linux
- **CI/CD**: Build agents and deployment targets are typically Linux
- **Monitoring**: System monitoring and log analysis on Linux systems

Ready to become a Linux expert! 🐧

Commit message:

feat: Add contributing guide and structure for DevOps roadmap
- Created CONTRIBUTING.md to outline contribution principles, structure, and guidelines.
- Added advanced topics index with placeholders for future content.
- Updated automation, hosting, fundamentals, containers, and Linux sections to remove emojis and enhance clarity.
- Introduced CALMS framework and DevOps practices documentation.
- Added history and evolution of DevOps section.
- Enhanced resources section with community and podcast information.
- Updated mkdocs.yml for new navigation structure and added requirements for plugins.

docs/linux/index.md, after:

# Linux & Systems

Welcome to the Linux & Systems section! This section covers Linux fundamentals, system administration, and hosting technologies essential for DevOps professionals.

## Learning Objectives

By completing this section, you will:

- Master Linux command line and system administration
- Understand web server configuration and management
- Learn advanced hosting and infrastructure concepts
- Develop troubleshooting and debugging skills
- Understand system performance and monitoring

## Section Contents

### [Linux Introduction](introduction.md)

Learn Linux fundamentals, command line basics, and system administration concepts.

### [Web Hosting](web-hosting.md)

Understand web server technologies, LAMP stack, and hosting management.

### [Advanced Hosting](advanced-hosting.md)

Explore advanced hosting concepts, load balancing, and scaling strategies.

### [Troubleshooting Tools](troubleshooting-tools.md)

Master debugging tools, log analysis, and system troubleshooting techniques.

## Prerequisites

- Basic computer literacy
- Completed Fundamentals section
- Access to a Linux environment (VM, container, or cloud instance)

## Learning Path

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    A[Linux Introduction] --> B[Web Hosting]
    B --> C[Advanced Hosting]
    A --> D[Troubleshooting Tools]
    C --> D
```

## Why This Matters

Linux skills are essential for DevOps because:

- **Server Management**: Most cloud and on-premise servers run Linux
- **Automation**: Shell scripting and command line automation
- **Containerization**: Docker and Kubernetes run on Linux
- **CI/CD**: Build agents and deployment targets are typically Linux
- **Monitoring**: System monitoring and log analysis on Linux systems

Proceed when you are comfortable with these Linux fundamentals.
